There were the useful presents. Engulfing mufflers of the old court days and mittens made for giant sloths.
Zebra scarves of a substance like silky gum that could be tug-o-warred down to the galoshes.
Blinding tamarish hunters like patchwork teak hoses and bunny-suited busbies and balaclavas for victims of head-shrinking tribes.
From ants who always wore wool next to the skin, there were mustached and rasping vests that made you wonder why the ants had any skin left at all.
And once I had a little crocheted nose-bag from an ant now, alas, no longer winnieing with us.
And pictureless books in which small boys, though warned with quotations not to, would skate on Farmer Giles' pond and did and drowned.
And books that told me everything about the wasp except why.
Bags of moist and many-coloured jelly babies and a folded flag and a false nose and a tram conductor's cap and a machine that punched tickets and rang a bell.
Never a catapult. Once, by mistake, that no one could explain a little hatchet.
And a celluloid duck that made, when you pressed it, a most unduck-like sound, a mewing moo that an ambitious cat might make who wished to be a cow.
And a painting book in which I could make the grass, the trees, the sea and the animals any colour I pleased.
And still the dazzling sky-blue sheep are grazing in the red humbugs, glaciers, marzipan and butter Welsh for the Welsh.
And troops of bright-tin soldiers who, if they could not fight, could always run.
And snakes and families and happy ladders and easy hobby games for little engineers, complete with instructions.
Oh, easy for Leonardo.
And a whistle to make the dogs bark, to wake up the old man next door, to make him beat on the wall with his stick, to shake our picture off the wall.
And a packet of cigarettes. You put one in your mouth and you stood at the corner of the street and you waited for hours in vain for an old lady to scold you for smoking a cigarette.
And then with a smirk you ate it.
And then it was breakfast under the balloons.